hi today I just like to sit back and
review a few videos on YouTube sent by
you guys over time while drinking a cup
of tea let's watch the first one what is
HDR this right here is a
hyperdimensional resonator and many of
you have talked about the fact that my
nails are long well guess what I believe
that the HDR not only affects time but
it also affects living organisms I
believe this might be a sign oh he's
claiming that his device affects the
speed of time for whatever comes close
to it see this is a nail clipper I
clipped my nails but they grow very
quickly and look a nail clipper he has
one which means his nails must be
growing faster than everyone else
science had a powerful signal what is
that giant dildo his family funny we get
these time distortions is I'm gonna turn
the HDR on see if it makes this watch go
fast oh look that thing vibrates too
glorious it's important to understand
that it's a stable time field sometimes
it'll go backwards so time to go forward
it depends what what did I just watch
did the guy really think that his giant
deal lemma can actually change time back
and forth because he's watched jumps
around kids he want to start learning
things otherwise you'll end up like him
that's why this video is sponsored by
can you guess Skillshare where people
like you and me with practical knowledge
share their skills and knowledge less
like me I guess teaching design and
business and more now with over 25,000
classes for less than $10 a month you
can start learning the new skill you
always wanted like how to use psychology
to create better Facebook ads isn't it
just the art of clickbait I should watch
it the first 500 people to register from
the link below get two months of free
Skillshare premium back to the time war
per clown he's just a giant idiot or
troll warping time is possible of course
if you have a black hole close by the
Giants taped up manhood
is likely a large electromagnet from how
it sounds and everyone knows that strong
magnets mess with mechanical watches see
in old watches that use gears and
springs when you bring a magnet close it
magnetizes its parts and they get stuck
together and won't move in the new
clocks or watches that sometimes use
plastic gears there is also a tiny
electric motor so when you bring a
magnet close it messes with the motor
fields with a DC magnet like this the
clock just stops but with the AC fields
his giant Dickenson creates the motor
would run back and forth fast
why would someone conclude that the
actual passage of time is affected some
people are cancer that's just what's the
next one oh I need caption for this one
when in the case here the bush of the
month
expelled the Pratt I listened to the
potential hmm he translated the sound of
the arcs out of the potential enters the
potential why does this guy have this
giant transformer in his backyard and I
don't well thank you of the Translate
okay so he's making 13.8 kilovolts with
his transformer then he stands up on
those to isolate himself from ground and
touches the output with a metal rod and
some arcs jump to his body and then he
grabs it to if he was standing on the
ground he would be dead in a microsecond
or is he because later he shows that
he's passing the huge current through
his body if this is what he's trying to
imply that the current runs through his
body he's a [__]
you should never imply that something
lethal is potentially harmless people
would try it and poof survivor of the
smartest let me demonstrate
and don't repeat this yourself I don't
want to walk in your neighborhood and be
like whatever they're cooking is burning
my transformer creates two thousand
volts not as high as that guy now I am
sitting on a plastic chair isolated from
everywhere and want to touch the output
you can see these tiny arcs jumping to
my body which means the current is
flowing
although the circuit is open the reason
is that my conductive body
surface creates a capacitance to the
environment and lets the AC through but
the capacity is very small and so very
little current passes through my body
that I don't feel although you see the
tiny arcs that's what this guy is doing
if he was a standing on ground he would
be electrocuted now I'm holding two
pieces of metal in my hand i connect one
of them to the ground and the other one
to the two kilovolt output very
dangerous and I must get electrocuted
but I don't I must possess some kind of
Supercop no I'm just connecting the two
pieces of metal with wire this is a very
dangerous trick this guy is pulling I
mean what if the wire accidentally
disconnects the entire current runs
through your body and poof see after the
first trick he goes inside to prepare
and right here you see he's pulling his
sleeves down then he comes out with two
rods in his hands with the wire running
through his sleeves and right here he
doesn't even bother to hide the wire see
the wire is right there connected to the
rods okay let's watch the next video
Jose his fear of commitment has led him
to dedicate his life to electricity well
just to be clear that's not the reason
why people study electricity very
dangerous and I don't like maybe he's
used it because he has long eaten many
times and he has become used to it stop
step by step or if it is special case or
no you never get used to electricity if
enough current passes through your body
you'll die no matter how many times get
zapped yourself before at the University
Jose starts by setting up his equipment
professor act or a mayonnaise has
gathered some of the best physics
experts from the University in the hope
of understanding Jose's claims attached
to the mains Jose Burns paper with his
finger
he's not attached to the mains he's
attached to this setup he just put
together the scientists fear they might
get electrocuted and back away by
experimenting he obviously has found
conditions that allow him to to do what
so obviously he knows electronics better
than these guys but not not killing me
I'm not sure why that is yeah professor
in mayonnaise feels they don't have
equipment capable of measuring the
potentially high current flowing into
Jose's body all they needed to measure
the current through his body was a shunt
this magic Mongoose is obviously using a
high frequency voltage because of the
form of the arcs and the fact that they
are not making any humming sound first
of all I showed in my video a while back
that you only feel the electric pain up
to a certain frequency as clearly seen
in my Maggie graph of P VF and he is
using a frequency much more than that
now I have mentioned skin effect before
that at high frequencies the current
runs through the outer shell of a
conductor but then later I realized that
it's incorrect to assume it helps in
human body because human body's high
resistance and their skin effect is
quite deep but still the frequency is
just high enough that he doesn't feel it
because it doesn't mess with the nerves
anymore see there are two ways that
electricity hurts
one is by messing with your nerves and
stopping your muscles and the other one
is by heating up and burning the tissues
anyone can do what it does although I
don't recommend it at all because it can
also cook meat so just watch me do it
this is my Tesla coil that can generate
1 megahertz of high voltage and if I
bring my hand close I don't feel any
electric shock I just feel skin burn
here now I don't feel anything now let
me try and measure the current through
my body I will measure the voltage
across a 1 ohm resistor so every Volt is
an amp series made my body connected to
the ground using a differential probe ok
now there is a bunch of switching noise
you can ignore here and this is supposed
to show the RMS current which is really
zero at this level and I hold the
resistor and there is not much current
through my body and I bring my other
hand close to the tower and is
it seems I've passed over hundred
milliamps through my body that heated up
and burned my skin this is considered a
lethal amount at low frequencies but I
don't feel it inside my body it will
eventually heat up the path it's passing
through my body so it's not good I can't
even make a light bulb glow with the
current through my body these things are
possible at high frequency what they
still can burn and be harmful okay who's
next
what is this guy's cutting a can of coke
oh you put it on their router antenna oh
my god those stupid fake Facebook DIY
videos people watch it and say hey it
works because it looks like a dish
antenna don't you think if those router
manufacturers could so easily increase
their range they would be all over it
even if it could reflect anything it
would be very directional these antennas
transmit most of their power sharply at
the front
unlike the monopole antennas of the
router that transmit uniformly around it
because the receiver can be anywhere so
that's true you can get a much longer
range if you sit right in front of a
proper dish antenna but no reception if
you're not in front of it even close by
garbage and one day you visit your
grandma and realize she has a cut coke
can on her router and says since I added
this no grandma that's not how it works
and then there is this guy in his fancy
pants showing that passing water through
a bunch of coils you can generate static
electricity who does he think he is
Derek from veritasium away he is Derek
from veritasium yeah this is a
legitimate video go watch it all the
links are in the description these are
the people you should be watching Derek
has a PhD in physics education there is
an army of people like him on the
internet who do great work Marc Luber
has a master's in mechanical science and
has worked for NASA
kirsta side is a team of researchers the
same as ASAP science seeker or scishow
trace Dominguez who recently
working for seeker started his own
science channel from scratch it would
give you a decent little shock I mean
it's not actually dangerous because
although the voltage is high there's not
that much charge behind it so you can't
get that much current flowing and
current is what really does damage even
the best of us make mistakes me included
what he meant to say was that it doesn't
hurt because the energy is limited the
voltage is very high as well as current
but the time is very short in order of
nanoseconds so very little energy there
is also this suspicious middle-eastern
Brown guy from electro boom you might
want to subscribe to him too he has a
master's in failure and also there are
tons of more people at skill share an
online learning community where you can
feel your brains with the juice of
science especially with my promo link
you get two months of free premium
membership with unlimited access sorry
last time my family used it up so
quickly so here's the new link only the
first 500 people to register get it so
good luck penetrating the competition
Skillshare has over 7 million members
learning stuff especially the creative
lessons that I like last time I took a
few lessons on Adobe Premiere also I
always wanted to start programming or do
we know what was afraid it might be too
complex but then I took a few lessons
and realized it's nothing so if I can
pull my act together you might see some
controller programming in my future